It's all about location,
location, location.
Now, you know that vacant lot, the
one across the big box store,
on your way into town?
That is a perfect spot
for a buff burger franchise.
So I finally got a meeting
with Bob chomsky, the CEO-
of buff burger, I know.
Never get involved
with a franchise.
You know what that guy wanted
for an upfront payment?
Well, let's just say it was
in the high six figures.
The good news is, the insurance is
gonna cover the cost of the house
and the repairs to the barn.
That's good.
Just good?
Ty, look.
Amy Fleming...
Will you marry me?
Come on, rem!
Hi, Jack!
Where's the fire?
You seen Amy? No.
If you're looking for something
to do, you could help me.
Clean dirt off an old truck?
No thanks.
Come on, remi, let's go!
Come on, Amy, just tell me how
much longer you're gonna be!
Thirty seconds longer than when
you asked me 30 seconds ago.
Amy! Sure you didn't
forget anything?
Nope!
Okay.
There she goes!
So how are things going
with the insurance claim?
Actually, I called them yesterday
and the cheque is in the mail.
You got this? Yeah.
Well, that's good.
So you can buy your old man
a coffee?
I'll even spring for a muffin.
You know, the great thing is me and Peter
can finally find a place of our own.
Oh, house hunting with Peter.
Deja vu all over again.
It's different this time.
Oh, yeah? How?
He's away half the time.
Is he dialling it in now?
He is not away in Vancouver
all the time.
He's home now.
Oh, really. Special occasion?
Ha ha!
Uh-oh!
Oh honey, you
dropped your pogy?
That's not good.
You know what?
Maybe grampa should buy you
a real pogy.
That's all she needs
to hear, dad.
Come on.
It's closed.
How can it be closed?
Lou.
Oh my gosh.
Maggie's for sale?
Really?
Yeah. They just locked the door
and no one even bothered to tell
me because hey, I just work there.
You'll find another job.
It wasn't just a job.
Maggie's was a huge
part of my life.
I mean, my mom used to take
me there when I was a baby.
I had my first
milkshake there.
For all I know, I could've had
my first solid food there too.
It was probably a French fry.
Those fries are tradition in this
town oh well, things change.
Yeah, but it still sucks.
I don't understand
why you're still mad at me.
Come on, Georgie, I was in
the bathroom with the door closed.
Not completely closed...
Hey, where's the big bay?
How come he's not
with the other horses?
Um... what's that?
Stay here, Georgie why?
What's going on?
Just stay here!
Ungh!
Come on!
How can Maggie's
be for sale?
I mean, what's this town
even gonna be without it?
I don't know. But
somebody's gonna buy it,
they're gonna change the name,
it'll be business as usual.
Change the name?
They can't change the name.
It's been Maggie's
all my life.
You know, Maggie is more
than just a place
to buy a sack of oats and a cup of
coffee, it's-it's an institution.
One of the very few
authentic meeting places left.
Someone's probably just gonna tear
it down and build a strip mall,
and no one's even gonna
remember it was-dad?
No, I wasn't aware of that.
Is that right?
Oh, this is an interesting
opportunity.
Georgie, no! No!
He's not moving!
What's wrong with him?
Take your horse
and go back to the barn, okay?
But-please just do it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ And at the break of day,
you sank into your dream, you dreamer
♪ oh, oh, oh...
You dreamer
♪ you dreamer
Sync & corrections by no1
www.Addic7ed.Com
Normally, my guess
would be severe colic.
But there was cardiac
muscle damage,
which makes me think
congestive heart failure.
I'll know more
when I get to the lab.
I just don't get it.
You know, he seemed fine.
You know anything about him?
Not really. He just got here.
I do know
he was from a horse camp,
and then a rescue centre
saw him at an auction
and they thought maybe I could re-home
him, so they brought him here.
Guess I didn't do
a very good job, did I?
Hey! Hey-hey! Jack!
What happened
to no heavy lifting?
I don't wanna have to scrape you
off the ground again.
For your information, that
new doctor gave me the once over
and was very impressed
by what she saw.
Great. So you passed
the physical.
Terrific.
How did you do on
the cognitive functioning test?
I remember
how I feel about you.
A-ha!
You remember buff chomsky?
Yeah, hamburger franchise.
Bison burgers.
Buff as in buffalo.
Yeah. The guy who wouldn't
take your calls.
Yeah. Well,
guess who's calling who now?
Tables have turned, buddy.
Well, what does he want?
He wants to put a franchise in
Hudson, and with Maggie's for sale,
he's found
his perfect location.
What, Maggie's?
Now, I know that franchises aren't
cheap, but I'm telling you,
with a little creative accounting, I
can probably pull this deal together.
- What? Maggie's? Maggie's is for sale?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got a good feeling
about this, Jack.
I mean the stars are aligning.
That's great. Wow.
Uh, I'm happy for you.
No, I am, Maggie.
Okay. Give our love to soraya.
Thanks. Bye.
So it's true,
the end of an era.
Maggie is moving to London to be with
soraya and she's selling everything.
Wow. That's a great opportunity
for somebody.
I mean business is booming,
great location.
Yeah.
Why don't you buy Maggie's,
Lou?
Yeah, right.
I'm serious.
You'd be a great owner uh-huh.
And I could be your manager.
Aren't you going to school
in the fall?
Maybe. I don't know.
What do you mean?
Didn't you get accepted?
Everywhere I applied.
There is so many acceptance letters on
the fridge, my mom ran out of magnets.
That's amazing
to have so many options.
Sometimes too many options
is just as bad as none at all.
That's why I'm thinking
of taking a gap year.
A gap year?
What does your mom
think about that?
"If you wanna
waste a year of your life",
you're on your own."
That's why you buying Maggie's
is the perfect solution.
Yeah, maybe for you,
but not for my bottom line.
What about the insurance money?
Peter would kill me.
Every penny is going
into our new house.
Why bother when you have a
perfectly good place to live here!
Well, Peter doesn't quite
see it that way.
Well, whoever buys
it better have deep pockets
'cause you can bet Maggie's
not just giving it away.
Well, I don't care who buys it
as long as they don't change it.
There's been a feed store
on that block
since before the town was
even incorporated in 1906.
Yeah, you were there for the
opening, weren't you, Jack?
Seriously, 1906?
That would make Maggie's
a heritage site.
What would that mean?
Plenty. You know, who ever
buys it can't just demolish it
or renovate it into...
Let's say, a Starbucks
or a fast food restaurant.
Look who's
back - the horsey!
Mommy washed her.
She's all clean
and she's better now.
Num, num, num, num...
Hey, Tim?
Sorry, we're actually trying
not to do baby talk with her.
We're using normal
adult speech.
When do you do this speaking?
The two minutes a day
that you Skype from Vancouver?
Dad! Sorry.
That's okay, it's fine.
Don't worry about it.
I'm sure he said
all the nice sensitive things
he's going to say
for one evening.
That's my girl.
Just to be sure,
I'm gonna take her to bed.
Let's go.
Nice one, dad.
Are you done with this, hon?
Hey, where's your ring?
I swear I just had it.
Oh, your ring?
Maybe I could help you out
with that one.
Georgie...
Now, let's see...
Where did I see it?
Ah, voila! Your ring!
Where was it?
In the bathroom.
Guess you're not
mad at me now.
I love the ring, Ty, I do.
I just don't like to wear it
when I'm working.
Well, I can see that.
Hey, what if,
while you're working,
you just wear it on a chain
around your neck or something?
Yeah, like...
Like a ball and chain.
Like a what?
I didn't realize being engaged
to me was such a heavy burden.
Oh well, it has its moments.
Hey, Amy, you read-y?
Okay, never mind.
Georgie and I usually do
night check together.
I'll be right out, Georgie.
Well, why don't you go.
I'll finish up here.
Really? Yep.
Wow! A fiancee
who does dishes?
That's worth more
than a diamond ring any day.
You okay?
Okay about what?
Well...
Seeing that horse
this morning.
You think that's the first time
I've seen something dead before?
Trust me, it's not.
Good to know.
Stuff dies all the time, and
it's not like I really knew him.
He was just some random horse
with no name.
I called him buddy.
Ever since he stepped off the trailer,
he just looked like a buddy to me.
Thumper.
In my head,
I called him thumper.
Because of his rabbit ears?
Yeah.
Did you get
those listings the agent sent?
Uh, yeah.
Agh! Don't get me wrong,
I love your family.
But how great is it gonna be
to have dinner alone,
just the four of us, living the dream
in a house we can call our own.
What's this? "Hudson heritage
preservation program."
It's guidelines for what
constitutes a heritage building,
and Maggie's totally fits
the criteria.
I mean somebody
has to get on this.
Right.
Somebody that's not spending
all their time
trying to find their family
a place to call home, right?
Yes, yes, another somebody.
Good.
But like, just hypothetically,
did you ever think about
the great synergy there could be
between a diner like Maggie's
and the dude ranch?
I mean the opportunity
for tie-ins.
No, no, I never have,
but it sounds like you have.
No.
I mean how crazy
would that be?
Crazy.
Yeah, very crazy, okay?
Almost as crazy as being married
with two kids
and still having to listen
to your grandfather snoring
in the room down the hall.
We had our first date
at Maggie's.
Hey, um, are you doing
some work in there?
Uh, just an estimate for a guy
that's looking to buy the place.
Uh-huh.
And this guy's looking
to renovate or...?
Nope. It's a tear down.
You know
these national chains.
You could be in nunavut or Newark,
New Jersey, they all look the same.
So what is it?
Tim horton's? Wendy's?
Buff burger.
You ever heard of it?
Lonesome trails cowboy camp.
Does that ring any bells?
Lonesome trails...
Yeah, I was just there
doing spring vaccinations.
You still thinking about
that bay horse?
Yeah.
Last July,
they had a horse that died.
Yeah, a blue roan.
Collicked right in front
of those little campers.
Are you sure it was colic?
Because we've been learning
about other conditions
that look like colic,
but they are not.
Really? You learned all that,
did you?
Come on, boys!
No... No, not again.
So did you get the job?
Nope. Apparently
I'm under-qualified.
You wouldn't have been happy
selling underwear all day, anyway.
Since when was making a minimum
wage job about following your bliss?
It's not. That's
why I'm going to Paris.
Paris? Paris, Ontario?
Paris, Texas?
Paris, France.
France?
You're going to France?
I got a job
in a wild west show.
In Paris? Who are you?
An international man
of adventure?
I'm just a cowboy
following his dream.
See ya.
Hey, Jack! You need some help?
No, not from you, I don't.
You should take advantage
of my generosity, you know,
'cause pretty soon I'm gonna
be too busy to be generous.
Dad?!
Hi, Lou!
Tell me that you know nothing
about buff burger coming to town.
I think you're the one
who needs the help.
I might have gotten a call
or two from buff chomsky.
And why would he call you?
He needs somebody local
to help run his new operation.
And he chose you?
Dad, I don't even know
what to say.
How about "congratulations on
your new business opportunity,"
dad?
Congratulate you on turning a small
town icon into a burger franchise?
Over my dead body.
You know what?
You want a fight?
You got one!
What? She'll get over it.
Yeah, she'll get over it.
You are in
for a world of hurt.
Oh, the mayor's busy.
No, actually I cannot wait
until the town council meeting.
Because by then Maggie's
will be a buff burger franchise.
Message?
Yeah, yeah. You bet I do.
How about this:
Our heritage means more to us voters
than a bison burger on a bun.
Did you guys lose something?
Um, my engagement ring.
I kind of took it off and...
You'd think she would've
learned her lesson.
Amy, you lost
your engagement ring?
I misplaced it, okay?
Just don't tell Ty.
I haven't lost it yet,
all right?
I just haven't found it.
That is why I never
take my ring off.
Ever since Peter told me
what happened
when his ex-wife dropped her ring
down the toilet at his parents' farm.
Ew. Did they ever find it?
Oh yeah, yeah, they found it.
But by the time they drained the septic
tank, the marriage was already over.
Hey, Scott,
come check this out.
They haven't updated their
website in over a year.
Oh yeah.
Some of these horses have gone
to horse heaven already.
Like blue - blue roan.
Yeah, and bucky the big bay.
Oh, his lab results came in.
I put them on your desk there.
So did you look at them?
Find out what killed him?
Well, you were right about the
fibrous tissue in the heart muscle.
I was wrong about
the pathogen.
It turns out there was a slow build
up of toxins in his tissues.
So my guess would be it was something
in the environment that killed him.
So what next, Dr. borden?
I think I'm gonna pay
lonesome trails a visit.
Okay.
Mm-hm.
This is definitely
in the ball park.
Enh. No ensuite bathroom.
Look at this open plan.
I love that one.
With two kids? I like doors.
Okay, good.
Fine. That's no problem.
We'll find something
one of these years.
I'm sorry.
I'm just a little
bit distracted.
But uh...
Yeah, I read
your latest blog post.
Oh, did you?
As soon as I put it up,
I got like 76 replies.
Crazy! But, you know, no one can believe
some creep can just waltz into town
and turn a heritage site
into a burger franchise.
I must have missed that.
When was Maggie's declared
a heritage site?
It's... on-going.
You know,
it's a work in progress.
Mm-hm.
So instead of looking
for a house,
you're gonna become a crusader
to save Maggie's, is that-
no, honey, it's not like that.
Well, what's it like then?
Please tell me 'cause I'm...
Is it a family feud
with your dad
or something?
Okay, I'm sor-
just do me a favour
and ask yourself
what's important to you
and your family, okay?
And I really hope the answer's
not a diner and a feed store.
Here's
something I can do.
"Petite models wanted.
Must have your own car.
No experience necessary."
No, no.
Okay, look, if you really need work,
between the dude ranch and babysitting,
there's always a ton to do
around here.
Okay, but you're not
giving up on Maggie's!
You know, the for sale sign
is still in the window.
Actually, I've decided, from now
on, I'm putting my family first.
I'm sorry, but you need Maggie's and,
more importantly, Maggie's needs you!
And why is that?
Because if someone doesn't
do something fast,
the entire main street is gonna
be renovated out of existence.
It's not a renovation, okay?
It's a tear down.
That's what buff burger does.
They just come in and they
destroy the whole place.
Why wouldn't they?
What do they care?
They don't.
I sorta wish I didn't either.
You're a vet?
We didn't call a vet.
Well, actually,
I'm a vet student.
Dr. cardinal,
he asked me to come by
and re-check the horses
after their vaccinations
to make sure
there's no adverse reactions.
Good idea.
With camp starting in a week,
better safe than sorry.
Okay.
This one looks good.
No swelling
at the injection site.
At lonesome trails,
we're all about the horses.
You see, Adele and me,
we're not selling a product.
We offer an experience.
The triple c's:
Communication, cooperation,
compromise.
It equals...
Perfect harmony.
Well, I'm all for harmony,
but you shouldn't keep chickens
so close to your horses there.
Those birds, they
have the run of the place.
Campers, they get a real kick
out of 'em.
I'll bet.
I'm sure you're aware that
some chicken feed has additives
that aren't good for horses.
Additives?
Stuff they put in feed
to promote growth.
It's for poultry. But if horses eat it,
it could build up in their system.
So?
Well, it can eventually
kill them.
What are you talking about? Our horses
eat grain and hay, not chicken feed.
Maybe not on purpose,
but they are eating it.
You had a horse die last
summer, his name was blue.
Don't talk to me about blue.
And then the bay -
I think his name was bucky.
Bucky? Bucky's dead, too?
He died from a build up
of toxins in his system.
So what? You're calling me
a horse killer now?
No. You see how these
things get started?
It's okay, Adele.
No, Raymond, it's not.
Listen, friend, I suggest
you mind your own business.
How long do you think
you're gonna be?
I need half an hour.
I'll give you fifteen minutes.
Sorry, pal.
You guys, great timing.
I need the kitchen.
What are you making?
Muffins. For Maggie's.
Really, Lou? A bake sale?
Come on.
No, no, no, see, the
muffins are to remind people
what they'll miss out on.
First, they eat the muffin,
then they sign the petition.
Ew...
Nasty.
Let's see what we got here.
There's hair, potato peel,
fingernail clippings.
Ugh!
No ring?
If it's not in this p-trap, it must
have gone into the septic tank.
Grampa, please?
No. Not... no!
No.
What the hell?
Amy, tell me this isn't ridiculous.
You know what's in here,
don't ya?
Oh!
Come on, grampa,
we've got to at least try.
You owe me for this.
Something wrong
with the septic tank?
No, the tank's fine.
But something
else really smells.
You!
Yeah, me.
Okay, I just got finished cleaning all
the chicken crap out of my truck.
A little "gift" from the
lonesome trails cowboy camp.
Or more like a message -
don't come back.
Why don't you tell me
all about it.
We'll get you into some sweatpants
so I can wash those jeans.
Well... here goes nothing.
Where is everybody?
They'll be here.
I contacted all the local media and
I even posted an online petition.
So they will come.
Well, at least we
got one concerned citizen.
Where is everybody?
What's this one?
Looks like banana... crunch.
Mm. How much?
I'm not here
to raise money, dad.
I'm here to raise awareness.
Lou, this buff burger thing,
it makes a lot of financial sense.
I can show you their numbers
and projections.
Honey, why don't you
go in on it with me.
Dad, you don't get it, do you?
I want Maggie's
to stay the way it is;
You want to turn it
into a franchise.
Here I thought you
were a businesswoman.
For your information,
complete strangers have been
sending in online donations.
Buff burger is going down and
you are going down with it!
No. Nobody's gonna
stop buff burger
unless they make a better offer
and buy the damn place.
So maybe I will.
Maybe I will buy
the damn place!
Well, it's gonna take real money,
not nickel and dime donations.
Do you know how much
they're asking for it?
Yeah, I do, and I can handle it
no problem.
You think Peter's gonna let you
touch that insurance money?
You're crazy.
I'd rather be crazy
than a conniving opportunist
who could care less
about his community.
The thing about opportunists,
Lou,
is that we don't waste our time
on lost causes.
Oh, talk about a lost cause!
Only a fool would go up
against his own daughter,
especially if that daughter
is me!
Fine! You wanna make this
personal?
You're on!
That's for the muffin.
Keep it! Looks like you're gonna
need it the way things are going.
Thank you.
Hey, Tim!
Lou doesn't want your money.
No, no, keep it.
I'm sorry you had to see that.
A couple of hot-heads
goin' at it.
Runs in the family.
Yeah, well, that's the beautiful
thing about families, Mallory,
you fight, you make up.
You know, for Lou and I,
it's water off a duck's back.
Really? You're talking
about Lou.
The one who was so mad at you
she was turning purple?
Let me ask you something.
What is so wrong
with a buffalo Patty on a bun?
Nothing.
I actually prefer it
over beef.
Exactly.
When I get that
franchise going...
When I get that franchise going,
there's a job in it for you.
Okay. But I wouldn't wanna
be a waitress.
I mean...
If I were to work for you,
I'd want to be manager.
Manager, wow!
Striking while the iron's hot.
Didn't know
you were an opportunist.
See, despite what
my daughter might say,
being an opportunist is a
good thing, manager Mallory.
I gotta run.
Hey. Hey.
Coming to bed?
Yeah, in a sec.
Uh, do you want to take
a look at something?
Check this out.
I, uh, found these photos
in the city archives.
The building actually
dates back to 1902.
Hmm. And here I'm thinking you
were looking at real estate listings.
I'm making my presentation
tomorrow.
What presentation? To who?
The town council.
Tomorrow?
Well, we're looking
at real estate tomorrow.
We got appointments,
all these listings.
I know, I know.
But honey, if you can patient
with me for a couple more days,
then once I can get Maggie's
declared a heritage site,
buff burger will be
out of the equation.
And then what, Lou?
And then I can buy the building
for something pretty reasonable.
Oh! Buy the building?
You wanna buy
the building?!
Keep your voice down!
What is reasonable about that?
Honestly! How're you going
to pay for it?
What, you got money hidden under the
mattress I don't know about or something?
I'm working on
a business plan, okay?
Okay, work on this.
Every cent from that
insurance settlement
has to go into the purchase
of our new house.
Okay.
New house? Why
do we need a new house?
I don't want to move.
I like it here.
Georgie.
Perfect.
Even better.
Tomorrow morning, I'm gonna
go look at houses, okay?
I've taken time off work.
I cleared my schedule,
I made it my priority.
I really hope you do the same.
Peter.
Daddy's coming, Katie.
So... I gotta
agree with Peter.
Just give it up, Lou.
Just move on.
I thought I was
the good guy here.
Lou, the meeting's
about to start, where are you?
Now? You're gonna look
for houses now?
I'm sorry, Mallory,
but I'm doing what I have to do.
I don't want to
move and neither does Katie!
We're not moving.
We're looking for a place,
right?
That we all like, and when we find it
then we'll talk about moving, okay?
Uh, Lou, have you seen my
jeans that Amy washed for me?
Uh, they're right here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, thanks.
Are you looking for something?
Uh, no. Nothing. It's just...
Did you happen to see anything
in the washer or the dryer?
The anything you didn't lose? Uh, no,
but you're welcome to have a look.
All right, ready to go?
Are you kidding?
It's gonna be great!
Road trip!
What's uh-
what's he doing here?
I don't know.
Hey, I'm glad I
caught you, guys.
Dad, bad timing, okay?
We have a thing.
Lou, I know we have our differences,
but there's always time for family.
Come here,
I got something for you.
I've got a surprise for you!
Okay, here he is, everybody!
Oh, he's so cute!
Look, Katie, your first pony!
Here you go. Let's just see.
A real life pogy.
Here we go!
Do you
wanna go on a ride?
Let's go for a ride.
Come on, pogy.
Let's go.
Can you believe Lou
just weaseled out like that?
I was counting on
that manager job.
Well, there's always
buff burger.
Maybe you could talk to Tim.
I already did.
Does that make me
just as weaselly as Lou?
What are you talking about?
I only cared about
a stupid job.
Lou was fighting
for our history.
In a couple of months,
the kids in this town
are just gonna be scarfing
down buffalo burgers.
And they're not gonna
give a thought
to how Hudson was a pioneer
town on a stagecoach line.
Or that this place is more than chain
restaurants and big box stores.
Well, you sold me...
Bet you could sell him too.
The mayor?
You think I should talk
to the mayor?
What would I say?
Plenty.
Excuse me.
Excuse me, Mr. mayor.
Hi, I'm Mallory Wells.
Brush the pony, Katie.
Good job. You're gotta press nice and
hard, or else you're just tickling him.
So did Lou ever tell you
that she and Amy had ponies
before they could even walk?
Probably not.
Can I take
Katie for a ride?
Sure. I'll come with you!
Okay.
You wanna go for a ride?!
Let's go, come on.
Come on, pogy.
Lou, that little pony...
It's like a family tradition.
Actually, dad,
it's like bribery.
Lou! Lou, slow down!
Honey, listen,
help me understand something.
You and I don't agree
on a business deal
and now I can't buy gifts
for my granddaughter?
So you can worm your way
back into my good books?
You got this wrong.
This buff burger idea
was not some...
Part of a conspiracy
to ruin your life.
I wanted to build something.
I wanted to leave something
for you kids.
Dad, I wanna build something too, and
if you bothered to do any research,
you would have seen that Maggie's
has always turned a decent profit.
If you compare that
to the exorbitant franchise fees
you'd be paying...
Hang on, I gotta take this.
Hello! Buff!
Yeah!
Well, what do you mean?
Well, why is that my fault?
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Yeah, well, same to y-
We gotta talk.
Hey. Better be good.
I'm missing a pony ride
for this.
Yeah, it's good,
so just listen.
Buff chomsky didn't get
his zoning change.
The town council just declared the
entire block a heritage site.
Okay, I'm still not seeing
how this is good news for me?
Buff chomsky won't be
buying Maggie's
to tear it down for his damn
franchise, so Lou can put in an offer.
She can probably pick it up
for a song.
Okay, I don't know
if you've heard yet or not, Tim,
but we're not interested
in Maggie's.
We're trying to buy a house
right now.
I'm missing my real estate
appointment for this.
Oh, really? Yeah.
With two kids at home and a
husband who's away half the time,
why would Lou want to sit
in a house by herself
when she's got a perfectly good home
here at heartland? See? Thanks.
I'm done here, Tim.
It's not about you, general.
It's about your wife,
my daughter.
It's about Lou putting her heart
and soul into a labour of love
and making money hand over fist
while she's at it.
What? What?
Are you not seeing
what I'm saying here?
You know what I'm seeing,
honestly?
It's just someone
who's doing a one-eighty.
That's it.
Okay, yeah. I was a jerk.
I was a jerk for backing buff
chomsky and not my daughter.
But now you have a chance to be a bigger
jerk by standing in your wife's way.
I don't know what you want
from me here, Tim, okay?
I'm not made of money,
all right?
And even if they have re-zoned it or
it's a heritage site now or whatever,
Maggie's is not gonna come cheap,
I'm telling you. Not cheap.
Not cheap, but doable...
If I get involved
and help out.
What do you mean
help out? What?
You talking about a loan
or something?
Joint investment.
I'll take the money I was gonna
put in that stupid franchise
and I'll back
my daughter instead.
I'll tell you, the
problem with that is,
the way things have been going with you
and Lou, she's never gonna go for it.
Doesn't have to know.
Huh? Doesn't have to know.
What's that,
we just shake hands and...
Your word and a handshake
and that's it?
It's all it takes
when you're family.
What if we get arrested?
It's not gonna happen.
All I need is a small sample of the
chicken feed that they're using, okay?
Well, why don't
you just ask them?
They were a little
defensive before.
Well, yeah,
their camp sucks.
I mean all you have to do
is go online.
A couple of kids saw a horse die last
year, now no one wants to go back.
I mean I would never want
to go there.
But you're gonna pretend
like you do, right?
Right, Georgie?
Yeah.
Okay, let's go.
Georgie, you
are gonna love it here.
And your auntie Amy tells me
you're a real horse crazy kid.
Auntie Amy?
Our campers come
from all over the world.
Such a great group.
Do we have
to shower in groups?
'Cause that's
not gonna happen.
Hey, so why don't we check out the
cabins where Georgie will be staying?
Yeah, I'd really like that.
But you haven't
met the horses yet.
Yeah, but you see,
Georgie is really particular
about her sleeping arrangements.
Hey! Hey you!
I thought you
got the message.
You're not welcome here.
All right, let me explain.
I was just collecting
some feed samples.
No, you're trespassing
is what you're doing.
Adele, go call the cops.
Wait! Hold on a second.
Hold on! Hold on, okay?
Look, I'm not trying to ruin
your business.
I think I know what's poisoning
your horses.
We run a riding camp!
Why would we poison
our horses?
Not on purpose, okay?
This chicken feed,
it contains monensin
it's that growth additive
that I was telling you about.
Your horses are eating it.
That's why they're dying.
Yeah, and your
cred is like zero.
All you have to do
is go online.
Tell me about it.
Do you guys have any idea
what it's like to have your name
dragged through the mud?
Horse killer.
That's what they're calling me
on Facebook and that Twitter.
Families we've known for years
have stopped sending
their kids here.
Once something
like that starts,
you can't put the genie
back in the bottle.
We just wanna help, okay?
All you gotta do is move a few
bags of feed, clean up your barn,
and keep your chickens away
from your horses
and you can prevent
another horse from getting sick.
Might be too late for that.
His name's catwalk.
Everyone's favourite.
Yesterday,
he wouldn't touch his hay.
Just not being himself.
His heart rate is
through the roof right now.
I keep walking him,
try to make him drink.
Just figured it's colic.
Yeah, well, monensin
poisoning has the same symptoms.
We gotta get him to the clinic or
he might not make it till tomorrow.
We can't let that
happen again.
And we won't.
Okay, let's go  Come on.
Come on.
How is he?
He's good.
He's hanging in there.
I have to say, I'm pretty
impressed with you right now.
Well, don't be.
Amy,
I gotta tell you something.
I screwed up big time.
What are you talking about?
Your ring? I lost it.
You lost it?
You left it by the sink
in the kitchen that night
and I put it in my jeans pocket
and then you washed my jeans.
And I can't find it.
I searched everywhere, Amy.
I've looked everywhere.
Is that what you and Jack
were doing the septic tank?
Like I said, everywhere.
So here I was breaking my back and the
ring was in your pocket the whole time?
Well, it was.
Now I'm gonna be saving up
for a new one.
I guess you'll just have to
propose to me all over again.
Well, you better say
yes the first time.
Excuse me.
Uh, hello? Hi.
Real estate agent.
Congratulations
on your new house.
Oh, for your information, miss smarty
pants, she's not calling about a house.
What? No way.
Okay. Okay.
So they accepted the offer...
And we just bought Maggie's!
Congratulations!
That is so amazing!
And just how do you plan
to manage all this?
Hire good people,
stay out of the day-to-day.
Yeah. We'll see how long
that lasts.
So we don't have to move?
Ah, well, no.
No, for the time being, we're
gonna stay right where we are.
We'll put the whole house hunting
thing on hold for now, I guess.
Did I marry the right guy?
Am I lucky or what?
Luck had nothing
to do with it.
What's that supposed to mean?
It means that...
Everyone should be very proud
of you...
Because Lou bought a diner!
Let's have a toast to that!
- I did! I absolutely did.
- Way to go, Lou!
What have we done?
I have no idea.
Pj's. What do you think?
Ice cream cones?
- Mm-hm.
- No?
How about elephants?
Do you like those?
- Mm-hm.
- No?
I usually let her
pick her own.
Okay, go crazy.
So, your new manager
starts tomorrow.
That's great, Mallory.
But you know being a manager,
it's a full-time job.
Perfect.
And I promised Peter
I'd be hands off.
I need someone,
you know, long term.
That's me.
But, Mallory, what if you decide
to go to school in the fall?
It's not gonna happen.
But what if it does?
I need someone
I can trust one hundred percent
to take care
of absolutely everything.
Someone like me.
The same someone
who talked to the mayor.
Zoning change denied.
Heritage site done.
Wait... that was you?
Yeah. It was the hardest thing
I've ever done,
but if that doesn't prove
that I'm committed...
What you did was amazing and
I can't thank you enough.
But, you know, commitment
is only part of it.
Being a manger is a huge job and for
someone who's only waitressed part-time,
I just-
I don't think you're ready.
Hey. I just
wanted to say congrats
and you're crazy...
And good luck.
Thanks, I think.
Good night, Katie.
Picking out your own pajamas.
Yeah.
What's that?
What you got there?
Oh...
Katie, you found the ring,
honey!
Good girl.
You know,
I talked to Scott today.
He says the horses
are doing really well.
Oh, good, that's a relief.
Hey, you wanna know
what else is a relief?
What's that?
You found it!
Where did you find it?!
Actually, Katie found it.
Amy...
I want you know that...
Ring or no ring,
I will always be there for you
and I will always love you.
I'll always love you too.
What?
Uh...
I guess I was just hoping
that you would propose again.
Well...
Let's see if I remember
how to do this.
Amy Fleming...
Will you still marry me?
Hmm...
I guess so.
It kinda takes the surprise
out of it, doesn't it?
♪ Tie me a circle
from a piece of string ♪
♪ And I will wear
it ♪ as your ring
♪ know there ain't nothing
I wouldn't give to you ♪
♪ If you asked me to
Sync & corrections by no1
www.Addic7ed.Com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org